Tweaks to Android Getting Started (#2711)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/start/getting-started/fragments/android/add-api.md

1. Run the task. You can do this by pressing the **play button** or pressing **Control-R**.

> 1. Modify your initialization code to initialize API in order to connect to the backend. Open `MainActivity`, and remove all of the code you added to `onCreate`. Replace it with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify your initialization code so that the DataStore can sync with the backend through an API. Open `MainActivity`, and remove all of the code you added to `onCreate`. Replace it with the following:
```

> 1. Modify your initialization code to initialize API in order to connect to the backend. Open `MainActivity`, and remove all of the code you added to `onCreate`. Replace it with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify your initialization code so that the DataStore can sync with the backend through an **API**. Open `MainActivity`, and remove all of the code you added to `onCreate`. Replace it with the following:
```

  <amplify-block-switcher>
  <amplify-block name="Java">
  
  ```java
  try {
      Amplify.addPlugin(new AWSApiPlugin());
      Amplify.addPlugin(new AWSDataStorePlugin());
      Amplify.configure(getApplicationContext());

      Log.i("Tutorial", "Initialized Amplify");

>   } catch (AmplifyException e) {
>       Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", e);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  } catch (AmplifyException failure) {
      Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", failure);
```

>   } catch (AmplifyException e) {
>       Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", e);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  } catch (AmplifyException failure) {
      Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", failure);
```

  <amplify-block name="Kotlin">

  ```kotlin
  try {
      Amplify.addPlugin(AWSApiPlugin())
      Amplify.addPlugin(AWSDataStorePlugin())
      Amplify.configure(applicationContext)
      Log.i("Tutorial", "Initialized Amplify")

>   } catch (e: AmplifyException) {
>       Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", e)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  } catch (failure: AmplifyException) {
      Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", failure)
```

>   } catch (e: AmplifyException) {
>       Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", e)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  } catch (failure: AmplifyException) {
      Log.e("Tutorial", "Could not initialize Amplify", failure)
```
